Cleanup behaviour regarding custom initHelper image (#371)
Opster/opensearch-k8s-operator: docs/userguide/main.md

```

## Custom init helper

> The initHelper is an image used during cluster setup. By default OpensearchOperator creates an init container with that image (_public.ecr.aws/opsterio/busybox:1.27.2-buildx_), according to change that behaviour and use a custom image, follow the instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initHelper is an image used during cluster setup. By default the OpensearchOperator creates an init container with that image (`public.ecr.aws/opsterio/busybox:1.27.2-buildx`, a normal busybox image). To change that behaviour and use a custom image for the initHelper, add the following to your cluster spec:
```
(Then remove the line below as it is redundant)

> Alternatively, a custom image for just the initHelper (busybox used during cluster setup) is configured as follows:

Reviewer: This line is redundant

Author: which of them>?

Reviewer: The line `Alternatively, a custom image for just the initHelper (busybox used during cluster setup) is configured as follows:`
All the information is already in the line above.
